README.md, before:

# Booru Explorer

An image explorer for Danbooru built with Vue 3 and Vite.

## Features

- **Advanced Search**: Search for images using Danbooru tags.
- **Image Gallery**: Responsive display of posts.
- **Image Details**: Modal with detailed image information and tags.
- **Modern Design**: Clean interface with dark mode and visual effects.
- **Icons**: Integration with Lineicons.

## Technologies Used

- [Vue 3](https://vuejs.org/) - Progressive JavaScript framework.
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - Fast compilation tool.
- [Lineicons](https://lineicons.com/) - Icon pack.

## Installation

1.  Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/al3hz/Booru-Explorer.git
cd Booru-Explorer
```

2.  Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

To start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To build for production:

```bash
npm run build
```

## Project Structure

- `src/components`: Vue components (Search, Gallery, Modal, Footer).
- `src/styles`: Global styles.
- `src/App.vue`: Root component.
- `src/main.js`: Application entry point.

## Versioning

This project uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/). 

📖 **[View Versioning Guide](VERSIONING.md)** - Learn how to update the app version automatically.

## Credits

- API provided by [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/).
- Icons by [Lineicons](https://lineicons.com/).

Commit message:

feat: Implement pools browsing with list view, detail page, search, filtering, and pagination.

README.md, after:

# Booru Explorer

An image explorer for Danbooru built with Vue 3 and Vite.

## Features

- **Advanced Search**: Search for images using Danbooru tags.
- **Image Gallery**: Responsive display of posts.
- **Image Details**: Modal with detailed image information and tags.
- **Pools**: Browse organized collections of posts, comics, and doujinshi series.
- **Comments**: View and browse post comments.
- **Wiki**: Access Danbooru wiki pages with navigation.
- **Modern Design**: Clean interface with dark mode and visual effects.
- **Icons**: Integration with Lineicons.

## Technologies Used

- [Vue 3](https://vuejs.org/) - Progressive JavaScript framework.
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - Fast compilation tool.
- [Lineicons](https://lineicons.com/) - Icon pack.

## Installation

1.  Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/al3hz/Booru-Explorer.git
cd Booru-Explorer
```

2.  Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

To start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To build for production:

```bash
npm run build
```

## Project Structure

- `src/components`: Vue components (Search, Gallery, Modal, Footer).
- `src/styles`: Global styles.
- `src/App.vue`: Root component.
- `src/main.js`: Application entry point.

## Versioning

This project uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/). 

📖 **[View Versioning Guide](VERSIONING.md)** - Learn how to update the app version automatically.

## Credits

- API provided by [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/).
- Icons by [Lineicons](https://lineicons.com/).
